# commission-freebooter-review
http://worthreview.com/commission-freebooter-review Commission Freebooter is an 'Over The Shoulder Video Training' where we will help you set up your first high converting funnel and then bring traffic to generate cash on INSTANT.  To help you in a well structured way, I have divided the complete training in 5 modules:   Module #1 – Offer Selection  In this module I’m going to take you by the hand and teach you everything you need to select the right &amp; high converting offer in the long run!  I’ll show you EXACTLY what to do, how to do it and even share some secrets that most marketers don’t share because they’re afraid to have competition. Also for newbie’s I’ll walk you on how to get approved to any offer easily.  Module #2 – Funnel Creation   In this module, I’ll show you step-by-step EXACTLY how to set up your first funnel + List building campaign. I reveal ALL MY secrets here.  I’ll be even showing you the EXACT steps I take on daily basis, with videos and instructions!    Module #3 – List Building  In this module, you learn how to build your list by properly using the hook that we’ve added that separates those who fail from those who succeed.  I will reaveal my exact e-mail follow up series that makes me sales on complete AUTOPILOT without even asking for a sale while provinding high value to your subscribers. Very few people are doing it.  I take up each email and break it down to simple and easy to understand manner.  Module #4 – Promoting More Offers   In this module, I’ll show you how to consistently churn out $100 paydays simply by providing more value to your list and promoting them offers that they will only benefit from.  This a REAL CASE STUDY of how I setup my email promo campaigns, the angles to use, the hook of the offer, why they should buy from you...everything is covered.  It's a complete case study of one of my Email Campaign made 24 sales &amp; $126.87 in less than a day.    Module #5 – Traffic To Funnel  In this module, we show you  how to bring some very high targeted traffic.   You’ll be able to reach an endless amount of traffic when you’re done with this module. Optimizing, Testing, Checking &amp; Checklists are just the beginning, NOTHING is held back here.   By the time you’re done you’ll be a traffic master.
